[DOCU-2032] Add Inso CLI development instructions (#4224)
Kong/insomnia: README.md

</details>

## Develop Inso CLI

- Bootstrap: `npm run bootstrap`

> - Start the compiler in watch mode: `npx lerna --scope insomnia-inso exec 'npm run start'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start the compiler in watch mode: `npm run inso-start`
```

https://github.com/Kong/insomnia/blob/28378dc3fddfdee5b96f5abdd4fd1a4b05fffc33/package.json#L25
